[DOCS]Documenting id in selection docs. (#3607)
MDAnalysis/mdanalysis: package/doc/sphinx/source/documentation_pages/selections.rst

    selects atoms 5 through 10 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 1 up to the total number of atoms.
    
id *index-range*
    selects all atoms in the given range which consists of two numbers 
    separated by a colon such as ``id 5:10`` (both inclusive).
    e.g. ``id 1`` selects the atom with id 1; ``id 5:10`` selects the
    atoms with ids 5 through 10 both inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, though

>     id (an topology attribute) can be labeled by the user and need 

Reviewer: Thanks for addressing this, @umak1106 and @ojeda-e. I just wanted to chime in here and say that while it's good to distinguish between `id` and `index`, IMO the more important distinction is between `id` and `bynum`. `id` commonly starts at 1, so it looks a lot like `bynum` -- however, they are fundamentally different. `bynum` is equivalent to `index + 1`, whereas `id` is truly a label; there is nothing stopping it from going `[10, 1, 4, 8, 1]`. Because of this, I would be keen to avoid confusion with this note: 

> All atoms in the
> :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered"

IMO the section below does not need to be repeated either. The range selection acts like this for all ranges. They are spelled out for the `index`, `bynum`, `resid`, and `resnum` because each keyword has slightly different and unexpected behaviour. It is again potentially confusing by implying that only one atom can have `id=1`, where in fact multiple atoms can have the same `id`.

> selects all atoms in the given range which consists of two numbers 
> separated by a colon such as ``id 5:10`` (both inclusive).
> e.g. ``id 1`` selects the atom with id 1; ``id 5:10`` selects the

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the input @lilyminium I was about to pin you for a review here.

Author: I updated it according to your review . Could you please take a look at it again

Author: ?

    not be continuous. Conventionally it corresponds to the serial number 
    in PDB format.
     
index *index-range*
    selects all atoms within a range of (0-based) inclusive indices,
    e.g. ``index 0`` selects the first atom in the universe; ``index 5:10``
    selects atoms 6 through 11 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 0 up to the total number of atoms - 1.
    
    
.. note::

>     While ``index`` is the underlying position of an atom in a linear array

Reviewer 2: I am not convinced that the line "is the underlying position of an atom in a linear array of atoms in the universe" is a good fit here. The description is a bit abstract and the user often prefers practical information. I think the note should briefly say the difference between id and index in a way that is practical from the user's perspective.

    selects atoms 5 through 10 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 1 up to the total number of atoms.
    
id *index-range*
    selects all atoms in a range of (1-based) inclusive indices, e.g. ``id 1`` selects 
    all the atoms with id 1; ``id 5:7`` selects all atoms with ids 5, all atoms with 
    ids 6 and all atoms with ids 7.
     
index *index-range*
    selects all atoms within a range of (0-based) inclusive indices,
    e.g. ``index 0`` selects the first atom in the universe; ``index 5:10``
    selects atoms 6 through 11 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 0 up to the total number of atoms - 1.
    
    
.. note::

>     Conventionally ``id`` corresponds to the serial number in PDB format. In contrast to ``bynum``, the ``id`` index is not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Conventionally, ``id`` corresponds to the serial number in the PDB format. In contrast to ``bynum``, the ``id`` topology attribute is not 
```

>     necessarily continuous nor unique, and can be arbitrarily assigned by the user. Therefore, different atoms in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    necessarily continuous, ordered, or unique, and can be arbitrarily assigned by the user.
```

Reviewer: IMO you've already said the last sentence in the previous sentence.

    selects atoms 5 through 10 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 1 up to the total number of atoms.
    
id *index-range*
    selects all atoms in the given range which consists of two numbers 
    separated by a colon such as ``id 5:10`` (both inclusive),
    e.g. ``id 1`` selects all the atoms with id 1; ``id 5:7`` selects all

>     atoms with ids 5, all atoms with ids 6 and all atoms with ids 7.

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, why did you omit to mention that by default the `id` selection is 1-based? The id as 0-based makes sense only after it is set by the user. Otherwise, the selection will be empty. Example:
```Python3
>>> import MDAnalysis as mda
>>> from MDAnalysis.tests.datafiles import PDB
>>> u = mda.Universe(PDB)
>>> print(u.select_atoms('id 0'))
<AtomGroup []>
>>> print(u.select_atoms('id 1'))
<AtomGroup [<Atom 1: N of type N of resname MET, resid 1 and segid SYSTEM and altLoc >]>
>>> u.atoms.ids = 0
>>> print(u.select_atoms('id 0'))
<AtomGroup [<Atom 1: N of type N of resname MET, resid 1 and segid SYSTEM and altLoc >, ...
```

Author: No actually i did mention  in the note that it starts from 1 so i didn't add it here but i made the changes now.

     
index *index-range*
    selects all atoms within a range of (0-based) inclusive indices,
    e.g. ``index 0`` selects the first atom in the universe; ``index 5:10``
    selects atoms 6 through 11 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 0 up to the total number of atoms - 1.
    
    

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: I think I would rephrase the note similar to this:
Conventionally, ``id`` corresponds to the serial number in PDB format. In contrast to ``bynum``, the ``id`` index is not necessarily continuous nor unique, and can be arbitrarily assigned by the user. Therefore, different atoms in the :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` can share the same ``id`` and the user can set the ``id`` index to an arbitrary number.
What do you think? Do you think there is somethin missing here?

    Conventionally ``id`` corresponds to the serial number in PDB format and so

>     starts from 1 like the bynum. But ``id`` can be labeled by the user and need 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    starts from 1 like the ``bynum``. But ``id`` can be labeled by the user and need 
```

    selects atoms 5 through 10 inclusive. All atoms in the
    :class:`MDAnalysis.Universe` are consecutively numbered, and the index
    runs from 1 up to the total number of atoms.
    
id *index-range*
    id is a topology attribute which can be labeled according to the user
    and conventionally corresponds to serial number in PDB format.

>     selects all atoms in the given range which consists of two numbers 

Reviewer 2: Capitalize the first word of a document and the first word after a period.

```suggestion
    Selects all atoms in the given range which consists of two numbers 
```

Author: Actually it wasn't capitalized in bynum and index so i left it the same

>     seperated by a colon such as ``id 5:10`` (both inclusive).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    separated by a colon such as ``id 5:10`` (both inclusive).
```

Author: Done
